add docs for bulk sigs and contract orders (#968)
ProjectOpenSea/seaport: docs/SeaportDocumentation.md

While the standard method can technically be used for fulfilling any order, it suffers from key efficiency limitations in certain scenarios:

- It requires additional calldata compared to the basic method for simple "hot paths".
- It requires the fulfiller to approve each consideration item, even if the consideration item can be fulfilled using an offer item (as is commonly the case when fulfilling an order that offers ERC20 items for an ERC721 or ERC1155 item and also includes consideration items with the same ERC20 item type for paying fees).
- It can result in unnecessary transfers, whereas in the "match" case those transfers can be reduced to a more minimal set.

> > Note: Calls to Seaport that would fulfill or match a collection of advanced orders can be monitored and where there are unused offer items, it's possible for a third party to claim them. Anyone can monitor the mempool to find calls to `fulfillAvailableOrders`, `fulfillAvailableAdvancedOrders`, `matchOrders`, `matchAdvancedOrders` and calculate if there are any unused offer item amounts.  If there are unused offer item amounts, the third party can create orders with no offer items, but with consideration items mirroring the unused offer items and populate the fulfillment aggregation data to match the unused offer items with the new mirrored consideration items.  This would allow the third party to claim the unused offer items.  A Seaport app or a zone could prevent this, but by default, it's possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Calls to Seaport that would fulfill or match a collection of advanced orders can be monitored and where there are unused offer items, it's possible for a third party to claim them. Anyone can monitor the mempool to find calls to `matchOrders` or `matchAdvancedOrders` without "ad-hoc" orders (where the offerer is the caller, hence does not require a signature) and calculate if there are any unused offer item amounts.  If there are unused offer item amounts, the third party can frontrun the transaction and supply themselves as the recipient, thereby allowing that third party to claim the unused offer items for themselves. A Seaport app or a zone could prevent this, or the fulfiller can utilize a private mempool, but by default it's possible.
```

        bytes32[] calldata /*orderHashes*/,
        uint256 /* contractNonce */
    )
        external
        pure
        virtual
        override
        returns (bytes4 /* ratifyOrderMagicValue */)
    {
        // Do some post-execution validation here if desired.
        return ContractOffererInterface.ratifyOrder.selector;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns the metadata for this contract offerer.
     */
    function getSeaportMetadata()
        external
        pure
        override
        returns (
            string memory name,
            Schema[] memory schemas // map to Seaport Improvement Proposal IDs
        )
    {
        schemas = new Schema[](1);
        schemas[0].id = 1337;
        schemas[0].metadata = new bytes(0);

        return ("ExampleContractOfferer", schemas);
    }
}
```

## Bulk Order Creation

Seaport v1.2 introduced a bulk order creation feature.  In brief, a buyer or seller can now sign a single bulk order payload that creates multiple orders with one ECDSA signature.  So, instead of signing a dozen single order payloads to create a dozen orders, a user can now create the same dozen orders with a single click in their wallet UI.

> Bulk signature payloads of depth 1 (2 orders) to depth 24 (16,777,215 orders) are fully supported as of v1.2.  Just as with single order signing, bulk order payloads will be typed, human-readable EIP 712 data.  Any individual order created in the course of bulk order creation is fulfillable independently.  In other words, one order or multiple orders created in the course of bulk order creation can be included in a fulfillment transaction.  

Author: 16,777,216*

        SpentItem[] calldata maximumSpent,
        bytes calldata context
    )
        external
        returns (SpentItem[] memory offer, ReceivedItem[] memory consideration);

function ratifyOrder(
        SpentItem[] calldata offer,
        ReceivedItem[] calldata consideration,
        bytes calldata context,
        bytes32[] calldata orderHashes,
        uint256 contractNonce
    ) external returns (bytes4 ratifyOrderMagicValue);

function previewOrder(
        address caller,
        address fulfiller,
        SpentItem[] calldata minimumReceived,
        SpentItem[] calldata maximumSpent,
        bytes calldata context
    )
        external
        view
        returns (SpentItem[] memory offer, ReceivedItem[] memory consideration);

function getSeaportMetadata()
        external
        view
        returns (
            string memory name,
            Schema[] memory schemas
        );
}
```

See the [TestContractOfferer.sol](https://github.com/ProjectOpenSea/seaport/blob/main/contracts/test/TestContractOfferer.sol) file in `./contracts/test/` for an example of an MVP Seaport app contract.

### Arguments and Basic Functionality

> When Seaport receives a contract order request from an EOA or a [1271](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1271) contract, it calls the Seaport app contract’s `generateOrder` function, which returns an array of `SpentItem`s and an array of `ReceivedItem`s.  The Seaport app can adjust the response according to its own rules and if its response falls within the acceptable range specified in the original requester's offer (`minimumReceived`) and consideration (`maximumSpent`) parameters, Seaport will execute the orders.  If not, the call will revert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Seaport receives a contract order request from a fulfiller, it calls the Seaport app contract’s `generateOrder` function, which returns an array of `SpentItem`s and an array of `ReceivedItem`s.  The Seaport app can adjust the response according to its own rules and if its response falls within the acceptable range specified in the original requester's offer (`minimumReceived`) and consideration (`maximumSpent`) parameters, Seaport will execute the orders.  If not, the call will revert.
```
